By that time,
my life...
had already ended.
What?!
Above us! It's a helicopter!
Now they're cornered.
And whoever Bucciarati and
his men were meeting in Rome
will be dealt with by Green Tea.
We have to take care of him before the
mold's killing spree reaches the Colosseum!
Bucciarati,
we can leave the guy beneath
the ground to you, right?
Go, Giorno!
Run, Mista!
All right! Let's go, Giorno!
Either way...
I'm taking care of you first...
Buccia... rati...
Episodio 31 Green Tea and Sanctuary, Part 2
Bucciarati...
How dare you ambush
me back at that village...
I'm never falling for that again.
How dare you do something so cleaver?!
No, wait...
Something so lever... no wait.
Something so beaver...
wait, or was it sever? Griever?
You mean "clever"?
I knew that, damn it!
What are you, a language teacher?!
Y-Y-You jerk!
Oh, yeah. I need to record a video.
It shouldn't take me too
long to take care of you.
Let's see...
Zipper Man!
H-He's... His power and speed...
I-If we're doing this one-on-one...
I don't even need to dive into the ground.
Th-This ability...
It surpasses my Zipper Man...
both in speed and in power!
He's using the ground to give him elasticity
and increasing his power with that recoil.
That's why he's fast!
Just like a boxer using the ring ropes
to increase the power of his punches!
Sanctuary!
Take this! I'm out of time!
As I thought... There's
no mold growing on you,
even though you fell.
Cioccolata's Green Tea will
kill any living creature.
What the hell's going on with your body?
I mean, I guess I'll just have to pulverize
every last inch of your body
until you can't move anymore...
w-w-with my Sanctuary!
Giorno Giovanna!
He has the ability to give objects life.
The bullets that missed...
They're coming.
How dare they underestimate me?
Your life force energy is
no match for my Green Tea!
I'll rot all of these vines!
Spread your mold!
We're breaking free of these vines!
Wh-What?!
I can't take off!
It's not moving at all!
Th-That's not good!
It's turned into a tree!
Now that helicopter is secured.
Mista! We're gonna climb up the
tree to get to the helicopter!
There's no need, Giorno.
It's well within range of my bullets.
Yee-haw!
Go, Bullets!
Your target is his head!
What?!
Mista! The others are saying they can't
find him anywhere in the helicopter!
Where is he?! What the hell?!
There's no way he can hide!
He can't get out, either!
Everyone, look for him! Find hi—
Mista!
Number Two! Number Three!
What happened to you guys?!
Th-That's impossible!
Why isn't he here?
Each Stand should only have one ability!
His ability is to attack you
with mold if you drop down to
a lower position than
where you currently stand.
That should be the only one!
Run, Number One...
Number Six! Seven!
I-I underestimated him...
I'll go bring everyone back!
He's captured the Bullets
that he's destroyed,
because he knows Mista won't be able
to heal unless he gets his Stand back.
I can't heal him.
N-No...
And he's probably waiting for you to come.
If he manages to destroy you,
the final Bullet, Mista will die.
He's someone we should've faced head-on!
Mista! I'm leaving Trish and Narancia here.
Right...
Watch over them!
Follow him... Number Five.
Back Giorno up...
I feel a life force...
Why couldn't the Bullets find him?
I don't know his exact location,
but he didn't leave the helicopter.
In that case...
Golden Wind!
Th-The enemy's true identity is...
Come over here, Number One!
Don't go any closer, Giorno! It's a trap!
Useless!